==== 
Palash

Highlight any place on the web to find out how much time it'll take, and how you can get there!

Simply highlight any place or address you want to visit and watch as Wector automagically queries Google Maps and seamlessly tells you the different ways by which you can reach there in a beautiful black bar at the bottom of your screen. If you want to see the route, Wector has you covered. Just click the external link icon and you'll be redirected to Google Maps.

Who wants to constantly open a new tab, enter your home, go back to the page you were on, copy the address, go back to the tab with Google maps, and finally paste it in the destination only to wait for the map to load the mode of transport you did not want to take?

Wector condenses the six steps to just one!

Where can I use this?

- Imagine you have to quickly decide a restaurant to go to for dinner. You want to see the reviews and also how much time it'd realistically take you to get there. What do you do? Merely highlight the addresses of the restaurants you wish to go to and choose one based on how far it is, from the comfort of the same page!
- Imagine you are seeing a travel page with lots of exotic places you can visit. However, you don't know when you should leave to make the most out of your trip. Worry not! With Wector, you can keep highlighting the places you want to visit and Wector will tirelessly keep telling you how much time you will require to travel. And what's more? That boring 6 hour tiring plane trip could even become a day long fun roadtrip!

What do I have to set?

As soon as you install the extension, you will be taken to the options page where you must set your Home location. You may also alter the Walking and Cycling Speeds and/or Times. And that's it! Wector is now completely set up.

Current Features:

- Shows best ways to reach the highighted address
- Direct link to the route on Google Maps

Authors:

Wector was conceptualized by two undergraduate students - Palash and Karun - who were discussing which hackathons to go to in the school year. Frustrated with the number of times Google Maps had to be loaded, we brought Wector into existence!

(c) khaaliDimaag
----

==== 
Karun

Highlight any place on any page to find out how far it is, and how you can get there!

The Wector Chrome Extension integrates the power of Google Maps seamlessly into your browsing experience. Instead of having to constantly open new tabs to go to Google Maps, you can use Wector to get all the information you really need instantly: that too without leaving your page!

Set your home location, and let Wector take it from there. Simply highlight any place on any page, and the extension will silently bring up information about it. This includes estimated durations for various modes of transport (flights, cars, biking and walking), and also a direct link to the route on Google Maps.

Created by Karun Singh and Palash Agarwal - two CS undergraduate students at Cornell University. The idea came to us when we were searching for hackathons to attend, and found ourselves repeatedly checking how far the host universities were from Cornell.
----

====
Final:

Highlight any place on the web to find out how much time it'll take, and how you can get there!

Wector integrates the power of Google Maps seamlessly into your browsing experience. Highlight any place, and Wector will instantly tell you how far you are from it in a elegant bar at the bottom of your screen. Want to know how to get there? Just click the external link icon and you'll be shown the route on Google Maps!

Current Features:
- Know how far the highlighted place is, instantly
- Click to see the route on Google Maps
- Set your home location
- Adjust biking and walking speeds

Authors:
Wector was conceptualized by two undergraduate students at Cornell - Palash Agarwal and Karun Singh.

How did this start?
While looking for hackathons to attend in the school year, we were frustrated by the number of times we had to check how far other universities are from Cornell. Hence, we came up with the idea of Wector: a browser extension that would automate this process for us, and condense six different steps into one.
----